[RFC-0010] Add default service account flags for lockdown (#2323)
fluxcd/website: content/en/flux/security/best-practices.md

    ```
  </details>

> - Ensure all Flux controllers have default service accounts set for workload identity authentication via `--default-service-account` and related flags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ensure all Flux controllers have default service accounts set for workload identity authentication via the `--default-service-account=<service-account-name>`, `--default-decryption-service-account=<service-account-name>` and `--default-kubeconfig-service-account=<service-account-name>` flags.
```

  <details>
    <summary>Rationale</summary>

>     In multi-tenant environments, workload identity authentication should be locked down to prevent tenants from using arbitrary service accounts for authentication with cloud providers, secrets, or remote clusters. This is separate from the impersonation controls mentioned above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In multi-tenant environments, workload identity authentication should be locked down to force tenant permissions used in cloud provider integrations to be provisioned following the Principle of Least Privilege. This ensures proper isolation between tenants with regards to ownership of cloud resources. This is separate from the Kubernetes RBAC impersonation controls mentioned above.
```

>     Setting default service accounts ensures that when resources don't specify a service account for authentication, they fall back to a controlled default rather than using potentially privileged controller service accounts. NB: The default service account refers to service accounts within each resource's namespace, not the flux-system namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Setting default service accounts ensures that when Flux resources don't specify a service account for workload identity authentication, they fall back to a controlled default expected to exist in the resource's namespace, i.e. in the tenant's namespace.

    The workload identity default service account flags are `--default-decryption-service-account` and `--default-kubeonfig-service-account` for `kustomize-controller`, `--default-kubeconfig-service-account` for `helm-controller`, and `--default-service-account` for `source-controller`, `notification-controller`, `image-reflector-controller` and `image-automation-controller`.
```
